### The need I identified is that too many student athletes are unaware of important health information that could affect their ability to play sports. I especially saw this in my friend Teddy. Teddy was my client for this project. He is a soccer player. Being a soccer player means it is important to know information about your health, such as how many calories you need to eat, what your weight level is at, BMI, etc. This data also changes regularly, and thus it is even more important to know it. I contacted Teddy by asking him after school to conduct an in-person interview. In my interview with Teddy I asked him what his calorie intake was. He was able to estimate it, however it seemed that his calorie intake was not on par with what it should be. I also asked Teddy what his BMI was, and if he was underweight, overweight, or of average weight. Teddy was unable to answer these questions, showing an even clearer need for my project. I pseudocode some basic functions to include in my solutions. The three main aspects I chose to focus on we're calorie intake, BMI, and weight level. I chose these three because they are the most fundamental health concepts, however often go ignored by student-athletes. I then implemented my pseudocode. My code asks the user for their weight, height, and age. These three pieces of information are things that everyone knows about themselves. I made sure to only use information that the user would know off the top of their head. This way, my client would be more inclined to use my solution on a regular basis. My code then passes this information on to three functions. The first function plugs in the users age and weight into a calorie intake equation. The equation is given by the Work Health Organization. Since the equation changes based on the persons age, I used a series of if statements to check the users age. Once this is done, the users calorie intake is returned. The next function simply takes in the users weight and height, plugs them into the BMI equation, and then returns the value. Finally, the weight classifier function takes in the returned BMI value from the previous function, and then uses a series of if statements to see what category the user falls under. This is then returned in the form of a string, and printed. I showed the prototype to Teddy. He said that it was definitely something that was useful to him, however he wanted the information to be displayed in a more friendly way. Teddy told me that just printing out the calculated values could be confusing. I	incorporated Teddys feedback by printing phrases such as “You should be eating ” and then the calculated value. This made the information easier to read. 
